Support Azure Communication SMS (#15539)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/reference/modules/Sms.Azure/README.md

# Azure SMS (`OrchardCore.Sms.Azure`)

> This module provides an SMS provider for sending SMS through [Azure Communication Services SMS](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/communication-services/concepts/sms/concepts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature provides SMS providers for sending SMS through [Azure Communication Services SMS](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/communication-services/concepts/sms/concepts).
```

> ## Azure Communication Service Settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## **Azure Communication SMS** Provider Configuration
```

> ## **Azure Communication SMS** Provider Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## **Azure Communication** Provider Configuration
```

> Enabling this module will introduce a new tab labeled 'Azure' within the SMS settings, allowing you to configure the service. To access these settings, navigate to `Configuration` → `Settings` → `Sms` and click on the 'Azure' tab. The following are the available settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling this feature will introduce a new tab labeled **Azure** within the SMS settings, allowing you to configure the service. To access these settings from the admin dashboard, navigate to `Configuration` → `Settings` → `Sms` and click on the 'Azure Communication SMS' tab. The following are the available settings.
```

> Enabling this feature will introduce a new tab labeled **Azure** within the SMS settings, allowing you to configure the service. To access these settings from the admin dashboard, navigate to `Configuration` → `Settings` → `Sms` and click on the 'Azure Communication SMS' tab. The following are the available settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling this feature will introduce a new tab labeled **Azure** within the SMS settings, allowing you to configure the service. To access these settings from the admin dashboard, navigate to `Configuration` → `Settings` → `Sms` and click on the 'Azure Communication' tab. The following are the available settings.
```

| Provider | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `Azure` | This provider enables tenant-specific Azure Communication Services for sending SMS. Configure the SMS settings to activate this provider. |
| `DefaultAzure` | This provider sets default Azure Communication Service configurations for all tenants.|

> ## Default Azure SMS Communication Service Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## **Default Azure Communication SMS** Provider Configuration
```

> ## **Default Azure Communication SMS** Provider Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## **Default Azure Communication** Provider Configuration
```

> You may configure the Default Azure SMS Service provider by the configuration provider using the following settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may configure the **Default Azure Communication SMS** using any configuration provider via the following settings:
```

> You may configure the **Default Azure Communication SMS** using any configuration provider via the following settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may configure the **Default Azure Communication** using any configuration provider via the following settings:
```

```json
"OrchardCore_Sms_AzureCommunicationServices": {
    "PhoneNumber": "",
    "ConnectionString": ""
}
```

For more information about configurations, please refer to [Configuration](../../core/Configuration/README.md).

!!! note

>     Configuration of the Default Azure SMS provider is not possible through Admin Settings. Utilize the configuration provider for the necessary setup. The provider will appear only if the configuration exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Configuration of the **Default Azure Communication SMS** provider cannot be performed through Admin Settings. Instead, use the configuration provider for setup. Note that the provider will only appear if the configuration is present.
```

>     Configuration of the **Default Azure Communication SMS** provider cannot be performed through Admin Settings. Instead, use the configuration provider for setup. Note that the provider will only appear if the configuration is present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Configuration of the **Default Azure Communication** provider cannot be performed through Admin Settings. Instead, use the configuration provider for setup. Note that the provider will only appear if the configuration is present.
```
